Corrected the method name for source implementation (#6190)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/io-develop.md

### Source

Developing a source connector is to implement the {@inject: github:`Source`:/pulsar-io/core/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/io/core/Source.java}

> interface, which means you need to implement the {@inject: github:`open`:/pulsar-io/core/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/io/core/Source.java#L33} method and the {@inject: github:`read`:/pulsar-io/core/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/io/core/Source.java#L41} method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interface, which means you need to implement the {@inject: github:`open`:/pulsar-io/core/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/io/core/Source.java#L34} method and the {@inject: github:`read`:/pulsar-io/core/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/io/core/Source.java#L42} method.
```

Reviewer: Maybe we'd better remove the line indicator, because it might be changed. Such like:
```
interface, which means you need to implement the open method and read method in {@inject: github:`open`:/pulsar-io/core/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/io/core/Source.java}
```

Reviewer: @Jennifer88huang @Anonymitaet please help take a look.

Author: ok. I have removed it from everywhere in this file.
